Look for more than answers. Patients and Physicians rely on our diagnostic testing, information and services to help them make better healthcare decisions. These are often serious decisions with far reaching consequences, and require sensitivity, tact and a clear dedication to service. It’s about providing clarity and hope.

As a Medical Technologist/Clinical Lab Scientist you will work for the world leader in the industry, with a career where you can expand your skills and knowledge. You’ll have a role where you can act with professionalism, you can inspire colleagues, and you can care about the work we do and the people we serve.

At Quest, Medical Technologist/Clinical Lab Scientist play an essential role in our success and in the services we provide. As a career, we offer a unique opportunity to develop your career with the #1 Diagnostic Lab in the US. We are tech driven, and we’re creating the lab of the future – an environment where you can deliver cutting edge diagnostics and help us drive new discoveries and breakthroughs.

Trainee Medical Technologist


Trainee Medical Technologist - Chantilly, VA - Sunday-Thursday

Currently, we seek a Medical Technologist Trainee.

Basic Purpose: The Medical Technologist Trainee performs tests under the supervision of senior laboratory personnel in those specialties in which the Trainee is qualified by education, training and experience. The Medical Technologist Trainee is responsible for assuring that a given test system is operated in accordance with the laboratory's procedure manual and that the applicable quality control requirements are met. The incumbent actively supports and complies with all company and departmental policies and procedures.

Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities

1. Responsible for performing assigned tests under the direction of senior laboratory personnel in accordance with the laboratory's procedure manual, ensuring that applicable quality control requirements are met.

2. Ensures that test systems are in “control" for each test performed.

3. Ensures that each test is performed according to the schedule outlined by laboratory protocol.

4. Responsible for informing supervisory personnel of all problems associated with the proper performance of test procedures.

5. Reports any actual or potential deviation from standard or accepted testing procedures, and cooperates fully with any investigation of same.

6. Actively supports and complies with laboratory policies and procedures.

7. Maintains laboratory areas and equipment in a safe, functional and sanitary condition.

8. Adheres to all established laboratory safety requirements.